Add doc for IAM permissions required by SkyPilot (#1548)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/faq.rst

To avoid rerunning the ``setup`` commands, pass the ``--no-setup`` flag to ``sky launch``.

What are the required IAM permissons on GCP for SkyPilot?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To use SkyPilot, your GCP account needs to be granted the following IAM roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use SkyPilot, your GCP account needs to be granted the following IAM roles:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

  roles/browser
  roles/compute.admin
  roles/iam.serviceAccountAdmin
  roles/iam.serviceAccountUser
  roles/serviceusage.serviceUsageConsumer
  roles/storage.admin

> If you want to use TPUs, an additional role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, to use TPUs, an additional role is required:
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the suggested change. How can something be both optional and required?

Reviewer: How about “Optionally, to use TPUs, add the following role”?

Reviewer 2: I think that is better. I still feel it is not clear that "optionally" is describing "to use TPUs", but maybe that's just me.

.. code-block:: yaml

  roles/tpu.admin

> is required. You can grant those accesses via the `GCP IAM console <https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/iam>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can grant those accesses via the `GCP IAM console <https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/iam>`_.
```
